qm-help: add page (#9165)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/qm-help.md

# qm help

> > Get help about specified command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Display help for a specific command.
```

> More information: <https://pve.proxmox.com/pve-docs/qm.1.html>.

> - Display help:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display help for a specific command:
```

> - Get help about specified command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display help:
```
Since we will be updating the page description. I would suggest updating this command description too.

> `qm help`

Reviewer 2: Where is specified?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`qm help {{command}}`
```
> Where is specified?

Yes, a command argument must be added.

> - Display help for a specific command in verbose output format:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display help for a specific command with detailed information:
```

> - Get help about specified command in verbose output format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display help for a specific command in verbose output format:
```

> `qm help --verbose {{boolean}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`qm help {{command}} --verbose {{boolean}}`
```

> `qm help {{command}} --verbose {{boolean}}`

Reviewer 2: For this example we list the 2 possible values. Works with `1|0` or `true|false`?
```suggestion
`qm help {{command}} --verbose {{true|false}}`
```
